Brother, we know we were wrong, brother.
Please give us one last chance dad
I don't want to be crippled.
Brother, they are just children, it's just a misunderstanding.
Uh, that's right, that's right.
Just a misunderstanding
The evil hand of this incident is Jiang Tiansheng
He has received his due punishment.
And as for these two children
Was he also unintentional?
Is it big brother
We understand how you feel about protecting your daughter
Ke Ling Yuan
He didn't suffer any real harm.
Yeah so be it
We Suzaku will appear far away, the treasure of the town meeting, the Great Jade Emperor
Ask big brother to forgive me
The Xuanwu Association is also willing to sacrifice the treasure of the town meeting, Jade Ruyi
Listen to the Dragon Club
I am also willing to give half of the profits of my industry
Please calm down
Ask big brother to raise your hand
Are you asking me to raise my hand?
Why do I feel like you're forcing me to stop?
I can't wait. I can't wait.
I think you are very brave
Xiaohu is here
Since they are reluctant
Then it's up to you to do it yourself